Here's also a helper function to calculate the permutation weighed.
In other words, we're calculating this part of the formula.
So, we'll just import factorial.
You can see here that the inputs will be either the size of
S and the size of set S or the size of M which is the total number of features.
So, taking these two inputs,
we just take the factorial of S times the factorial of M minus S minus one,
which you see here, divided by the factorial of M,
which you see here.
So, we can try it out. So, when the size of S is two and there are three features total,
then the answer should be equal to
this expression which boils down to one divided by three.
If we try this function ourselves,
we see that it becomes 0.33,
which is what we expect.
Now, here's an example with case A and then you have to practice the other cases.
So, case say calculate the prediction of a model that uses features zero and one,
also then, calculate the prediction of a model that only uses feature one.
So, calculate the difference.
So, that's the marginal contribution of feature zero.
So, first, the function,
the model when it has features zero and one.
So, we'll get the subset of features zero and one that's stored in here in S_union_i,
then we will fit it to the model, like this.
Remember, for the sample input for which we'll calculate feature importance,
we chose values of one for all other features.
So, what I'm saying is that, back up here,
we were choosing the sample values for which we'll calculate local feature importance.
We're saying, this is a case where an observation has feature zero,
one, and two all have the value of one.
So, now if we were just to try to make a prediction using the model that we fit and
passing in this np array like this, then we'll get an error.
So, let's just see what the error says.
So, it says expected 2D array,
got 1D array instead.
Reshape your data either using array.reshape negative one,
one if your data has a single feature or array.reshape one,
negative one if it contains a single sample.
So, we're going to reshape the data so that it represents
a sample one row which means it has one row and one or more columns.
In this case, it has two columns and one row.
So, we're just using reshape specifying that we want one row and then
the negative one is saying choose the number of columns
for me so that it actually uses all the original data.
So, in this case, there's two of these.
Sum is going to be like this.
So, it's going to be two columns one row.
Now, we can put that sample input and make a prediction.
So, the prediction of the model when it has features zero and one is one.
So, when feature zero and one are both one,
the prediction of the model is one.
In other words, if true and true, then true.